voting/README.md, before:

In the Voting/Moderator pattern, agents interact as follows:
1. Input Gathering: Multiple agents independently monitor different data sources (e.g., social media, news feeds, sensor data) to detect signals of potentially interesting world events.
1. Proposal Generation: Each agent generates a hypothesis or signal about an event's importance or uniqueness (e.g., unusual social sentiment spikes or geopolitical developments).
1. Voting Process: Agents submit their assessments to a Moderator Agent, which aggregates the scores or opinions.
1. Decision Threshold: The Moderator Agent applies a threshold or weighted voting mechanism to determine if the event is “interesting” enough to warrant notification.
1. Feedback Loop: The Moderator can provide feedback to individual agents to improve their detection models or adjust their sensitivity.

-----

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    A[Input Data: Social Media, News, Sensors] --> B(Agent 1: Social Media Monitor)
    A --> C(Agent 2: News Feed Analyzer)
    A --> D(Agent 3: Anomaly Detector)

    B --> E{Moderator Agent}
    C --> E
    D --> E

    E --> F{Decision: Interesting Event?}

    F -->|Yes| G[Notify User]
    F -->|No| H[Discard Event]

    E --> I[Feedback to Agents]
```

Commit message:

Update proposals based on feedback

voting/README.md, after:

In the Voting/Moderator pattern, agents interact as follows:
1. Input Processing: Three specialized agents analyze different aspects of input data (social media, news feeds, and anomaly detection).
1. Proposal Generation: Each agent generates a hypothesis or signal about an event's importance or uniqueness (e.g., unusual social sentiment spikes or geopolitical developments).
1. Event Evaluation: The Moderator Agent processes inputs from all agents to determine if an interesting event has been detected.
1. Decision Making: Based on the collective input, events are either flagged for user notification or discarded.
1. User Feedback Loop: User responses to notifications help refine the Moderator Agent's decision-making process.
    * The Moderator can provide feedback to individual agents to improve their detection models or adjust their sensitivity.

-----

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    A([Input Data: Social Media, News, Sensors]) --> B(Agent 3: Social Media Monitor)
    A --> C(Agent 2: News Feed Analyzer)
    A --> D(Agent 1: Anomaly Detector)

    B <--> E(Moderator Agent)
    C <--> E
    D <--> E

    E --> F{Interesting Event?}

    F -->|Yes| G[Notify User]
    F -->|No| H[Discard Event]

    G --> |User Feedback| E
```
